# Updates.
This is what I'm currently working on day-to-day, week by week.
<p>I'm here because I want to add my thoughts and see where this goes.<p>
<p> I'm currently making the transition from working in media, I worked in diverse roles; production, videography, audio engineering and video editing for software products and documentation and now I'm making the change into just software documentation.</p>
<p> When I'm not working I'm writing sci-fi fantasy, reading, playing guitar andlearning how to code. I just started learning Python literally last week! That's exciting! I mean I think its cool how all the commands use print as opposed to the other commands I'm used to with CSS, Javascript and Html.</p></p>
<p>Its pretty different from Javascript, HTML and CSS. I have a little, tad expereince with those and XML markup.</p>
<p>All technical stuff aside, who am I and what do I like to do?</p>
<P>I'm a writer! A sci-fi fantasy writer! I read a ton of sci-fi fantasy, The Stormlight Archive is huge for me, currently reading the Wheel of Time, on book 5 "The Fires of Heaven" and I love manga, comics and anime. I have read ASOIAF, but after book 3, A Storm of Swords, the books go down hill. Not even sure if/when Martin will finish the series. SIGH! Invincible is my favorite comic and Image is my favorite distributor!</p>
<h1>Writing and why</h1>
<p>I've been drawn to storytelling since I was around 5 or so. Also, pardon if this is all over the place. I have been writing stories since I can remember. I wrote and illustrated dozens of my own chapter picture books when I was in elementary school and then started writing long short stories around fifth grade and took creative writing classes throughout middle, high school and college. Writing is how I express myself and see the world.</p>
<h1>Writing fiction, poetry, and now documentation.</h1>
<p> I have an English degree in EWM; ediing writing media. Its essentially rhetoric and communications. Most of my program was spent analyzing rhetoricians and orators and writing responses to their essays. Incredibly boring. I was great at it, writing the papers that is, but I just didn't care for it as it didn't really interest me. I learned a ton of media skills since graduation, back in 2018, however I will go into how I transitioned from having a "useless" English degree to how I broke out into the media scene. I recieved my post-grad in Technical Writing, having studied from fall 2021 to April 2022. I have been using Git for about four weeks now and I really like it. 
<p>Sci-fi fantasy oriented towards military fantasy is my favorite intersection in fiction, espescially if there is seige warfare. I write poetry, but haven't written any poems or reflections in a while. I do intend to publish a poetry collection and possibly a short story collection.</p>
<h1>Music; Tycho, Com Truise, Shigeto, Odesza, Ronald Jenkees, and classical.</h1>
<p>I really enjoy electronic music, ambient, lofi beats, a little phonk and classical music. So Bach, Vivaldi, Chopin, Debussy, Mozart, Paganini, Tchaikovsky, and when I'm feeling it, sometimes even classical music that has been remixed with drill beats. I do all of my fiction writing to movie soundtracks, though. Hans Zimmer, Michael Giacciano, Andrew Lloyd Weber, Howard Shore, Junkie XL. I also make music. I play guitar, dabble is a better word to be honest! I have been "dabbling" and learning guitar for years now. 
<p>I still need to practice more. I can plan several songs and play them well, I'd like to think, hopefully. I have an accoustic and electric and lean more towards the acoustic side, just because that's technically what I started with. If I'm being honest, my first time touching a guitar was with an electric, the very same one I have and that was in middle school, but we don't talk about the farcical expereince that was my middle school band class! </p>
